# GPIO
``` md
A GPIO (general-purpose input/output) port handles both incoming and outgoing digital signals. 
As an input port, it can be used to communicate to the CPU the ON/OFF signals received from switches, or the digital readings received from sensors.
```


# hal

embedded-hal provides us with two abstractions to delay the execution of our program: DelayUs and DelayMs



# RTOS Real Time Operating Systems

```
Why should I not use Rust?
Or why should I prefer C over Rust?

The C ecosystem is way more mature. Off the shelf solutions for several problems already exist. If you need to control a time sensitive process, you can grab one of the existing commercial Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS) out there and solve your problem. There are no commercial, production-grade RTOSes in Rust yet so you would have to either create one yourself or try one of the ones that are in development. You can find a list of those in the Awesome Embedded Rust repository.
```
[Awesome Embedded Rust repository](https://github.com/rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust#real-time-operating-system-rtos ":)")



# aQFN73 chip
一种芯片封装方法
QFN quad-flat no-leads Package (QFN)

Our MCU has 73 tiny metal pins sitting right underneath it

# DIP 
dual in-line package
双列直插封装

# Nordic nRF52833 (the "nRF52", micro:bit v2)


# ARM® Cortex™-M4 32-bit processor.



# Peripheral Access Crate (PAC)


# The Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL)


# RTT 

Real Time Transfer (RTT) is a technology for interactive user I/O in embedded applications. It combines the advantages of SWO and semihosting at very high performance.

RTT is a __protocol__ that is meant to be used solely for debugging. You will most definitely not be able to find a device that actually uses RTT to communicate with some other device in production. However, serial communication is used quite often. For example some GPS receivers send the positioning information they receive via serial communication.

# Serial Communication

It's an asynchronous __communication protocol__ where two devices exchange data serially, as in one bit at a time, using two data lines (plus a common ground). The protocol is asynchronous in the sense that neither of the shared lines carries a clock signal. Instead, both parties must agree on how fast data will be sent along the wire before the communication occurs. This protocol allows duplex communication as data can be sent from A to B and from B to A simultaneously.

This protocol works with frames. Each frame has one start bit, 5 to 9 bits of payload (data) and 1 to 2 stop bits. The speed of the protocol is known as __baud rate__ and it's quoted in bits per second (bps). Common baud rates are: 9600, 19200, 38400, 57600 and 115200 bps.

To actually answer the question: With a common configuration of 1 start bit, 8 bits of data, 1 stop bit and a baud rate of 115200 bps one can, in theory, send 11,520 frames per second. Since each one frame carries a byte of data that results in a data rate of 11.52 KB/s. In practice, the data rate will probably be lower because of processing times on the slower side of the communication (the microcontroller).

Today's computers don't support the serial communication protocol. So you can't directly connect your computer to the microcontroller. Luckily for us though, the debug probe on the micro:bit has a so-called USB-to-serial converter. This means that the converter will sit between the two and expose a serial interface to the microcontroller and a USB interface to your computer. The microcontroller will see your computer as another serial device and your computer will see the microcontroller as a virtual serial device.


# TTY 
Text telephone (TTY) mode is used to send text over a telephone line. A TTY device must be connected to the computer to interpret the modified audio 


# UART
The microcontroller has a peripheral called UART, which stands for Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter. This peripheral can be configured to work with several communication protocols like the serial communication protocol.






